listen I feel like Shyamalan doesn't get
enough credit like hey he is the dude
who duped a lot of people one too many
times and I feel the same way but this
man has carried a secret superhero
trilogy that isn't connected to a big
franchise you know unlike every other
series that's out there every single
installment has a completely different
title which is a ballsy way to pitch
that they're connected all I do like
each one a little less every single time
I'm just so confused yet at the same
time intrigued on how he built the final
egg to this movie and then I believe
just butter-fingered let me explain now
we have a whole other video on split and
and we've talked about it so much so we
practically guest the Train twist two
years ago and people still tweaking when
we're spoiling stuff in the future but
pretty much M nights based the series on
that incident the train incident calling
it the East Trail one-77 trilogy for
those who need the unbreakable breakdown
this was like Hitchcock before Hitchcock
but just more dramatic you got this guy
named David Dunn who's like Bob Parr but
less incredible he has this fear of
waters and say Jason Voorhees Tim back
in school and so one day he's on the set
of unstoppable and is the only one to
survive a deadly train accident dude
realizes he has superhuman strength
gives people their death wish and then
get surprised when samuel l.jackson
tells him that he is the one who caused
the accident and several others because
he's been on the lookout for other
superheroes to be his counterpart yeah
he gets locked up split was an
interesting twist because when that
ending happened it was only like four
people on average in each theater that
knew what was going on everyone thought
they were just there to see James McAvoy
gets snubbed of an Oscar the same way
John could have been did in surprise
it's a sequel to the one Shyamalan movie
that isn't as prolific in it a kid named
Kevin is dealing with di D when his dad
decides to take a train to get more info
on it and gets banished snatched this
causes his mama to go crazy and treat
him like a child called it causing him
to create these alter personalities in
order to protect them and together
they're known as the Horde but the big
one that's trying to take over the one
that turns him into a villain is the
beast who collects other people who he
doesn't believe have suffered enough
it's a pretty interesting psychology and
you realize it's all part of a Shyamalan
superhero movie so while Kevin and all
of his other
many names that he has is able to get
away by the end of that one David then
starts hunting him down glass starts
orchestrating a plan and Shyamalan is
able to make his third and final sequel
I've mentioned identity before when
talking about this series and if you've
seen the movie you know exactly what I'm
talking about with the same feeling that
they both have pretty much the whole
movie takes place at this facility after
these two get caught touching each other
you got this lady who's trying to
convince them that they're not
superheroes even though david dunn bent
steel and this other dude looks like he
took viagra for his body yet she's super
convinced that it's all in their minds
that they're like cosplayers who just
never take off the costumes gun juniors
then on the sidelines trying to prove
that his dad was just seeing things the
whole time
anya taylor joy he's trying to reenact
Beauty and the Beast so she touches
Kevin making him crumble but little does
everyone know that Elijah who you know
the movie is based on is ready to fly
over the Cuckoo's Nest that's probably
because he doesn't appear to lie now
we're into this movie now I've always
liked the deconstruction that movies
have when it deals with the superhero
genre right and I'm breakable was one of
the first to do it but since then we've
had a lot so I'm not hating and the idea
of mimicking the third act climax right
but this didn't feel that like BVS when
they tried to make them fight in front
of everybody
of course my money was on the beast
because you know that dude still has
like three levels to digivolve while
David's done but then at the end
everyone dies now listen we all know
Shyamalan loves his twist it would
actually be a twist if there was no
twist but to have to twist just twist
the twist you're going for like I said
Kevin's dead being on the train meaning
that Elijah was the guy who created him
as the villain I think was an obvious
theory the same way are plus I was way
back then but the fact that there's this
whole Adjustment Bureau for superheroes
who was crazy like somehow Shyamalan was
able to introduce this really cool
concept yet in my opinion flop it at the
same time I mean the idea that there are
superheroes out there but a secret
society has been making sure to keep
them under wraps is dope the idea that
they've gathered together all of these
people and have been playing these
psychological games because instead of
killing these superheroes or these
/ villains they've tried to go the
peaceful route of convincing them that
they have a condition that's interesting
because when you compare it to other
superhero movies where you have civil
wars and they start making a big deal
that when you have these really strong
superheroes it's only going to cause
other villains to come out the idea that
Batman only exists because of the Joker
and the Joker exists because a Batman
thus the reason that they're here is
because they want to make sure that that
Kaos doesn't get out of order so how the
hell did they get duped by a man in a
wheelchair you're telling me that for
tens of thousands of years this group
has been hiding all imagery on news
reports not even a hieroglyph slipped
but a guy named mr. glass cause he's so
frail is they but a live stream this
whole battle on his twitch account brah
you had a whole group of people eating
at the same time that's how orchestrated
y'all were why did you leave one
employee watching the three of these
people like you guys didn't even put in
a guard right y'all left the
minimum-wage employee who gladly opened
the door for these two to escape like
there was no problem y'all were the ones
who set up the cameras for him and I
never get this with movies but you ever
see when they set up a camera and the
person is able to get to the camera and
like rearrange everything that's in
there even though the camera would have
caught them going does nobody have like
the footage getting streamed to their
phones with a I don't know detector
going off I'm surprised that Rocky and
Bullwinkle didn't blow this group's
cover again it's a really cool idea but
when you have a movie that takes the
time to emphasize on super little
details like the multiple toothbrushes
for the multiple personalities it just
makes me wonder how you miss these
glaring things that make this group
crumble I mean y'all even digitally
remove the tattoos in the trailer so we
wouldn't catch on what happened at this
point I'm just pretty much convinced
that any third movie that's dealing with
a clover is just a no-go so I'm just
questioning where it goes from here I
personally think Shyamalan is done with
the trilogy but just like the Saw series
and insidious and many other ones just
because the main people who did the
trilogy are done producers come in and
they expand it with a bunch more I
personally would love to see a niche
from searching direct one because he's
clearly a big M night fan he's already
working with Sarah Paulsen on another
movie so it sounds like something
can expand upon but I can definitely see
this universe becoming an anthology
series obviously I would love to see it
as a miniseries but the fact that
there's been all of these different
superhero stories all over the world in
this universe that have been suppressed
by this group means that you have so
many different tales and so many options
to go with it by the way while I have
liked every little movie a little less I
still think Emmet has created something
really interesting something that can be
really expanded upon but it's very clear
that the more sequels you add to a
franchise like this the more fragile it
gets thinking after checking out this
video and Kirsten are your thoughts in
the comment section like I said those
four movies that I had mentioned the
four shows I'm still working on those
don't forget how long it takes to edit a
video over here but we've been doing a
little road trip down the west coast
leading up to Sundance that's where
we're at now so know that the videos are
gonna be stilted a little bit maybe the
editing will be a little backed up until
we cover everything at the Film Festival
which of course we're gonna do a let me
explain on as well as everything else
that we're missing up on to just play
catch up in a sense but I'm curious to
know your thoughts on this film let me
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section out of the three which
is your favorite like I said for me it
goes unbreakable then I go split then it
goes glass I like parts of each I don't
hate glass like a lot of people are for
those of you who missed it in the
beginning I personally give it a solid
run tit the thing is it's just it falls
apart at the end man like I had no idea
that a majority of it took place in a
facility but just the fact that you have
such an interesting concept with this
group and then they just get duped I
don't know man I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and etc